Adding new properties to Device entity (Beta) (#10977)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/device.md

|alternativeSecurityIds|alternativeSecurityId collection| For internal use only. Not nullable. |
|approximateLastSignInDateTime|DateTimeOffset| The timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: `'2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'`. Read-only. |
|complianceExpirationDateTime|DateTimeOffset| The timestamp when the device is no longer deemed compliant. The timestamp type represents date and time information using ISO 8601 format and is always in UTC time. For example, midnight UTC on Jan 1, 2014 would look like this: `'2014-01-01T00:00:00Z'`. Read-only. |

> |deviceCategory|String|Device category display name. Property set by Intune for administrators to use to organize devices.|

Reviewer: Not sure what the value is to the user by stating that the property is set by Intune. Might be confusing to those that are not aware of what Intune is.

Author: Thanks @davidmu1 ! @hafowler had a good suggestion for this. I'll update the PR with her new text.

|deviceId|Guid| Unique identifier set by Azure Device Registration Service at the time of registration. |
|deviceMetadata|String| For internal use only. Set to null. |

> |deviceOwnership|String|Ownership of the device. This property is set by Intune. Possible values are: unknown, company, personal.|

Reviewer: This appears to be an enumeration. If so, the type should not be string, it should be the enum type. Please see https://dev.azure.com/msazure/One/_wiki/wikis/Microsoft%20Graph%20Partners/103158/Enumerations for information about documenting enumerations.

|deviceVersion|Int32| For internal use only. |
|displayName|String| The display name for the device. Required. |
|domainName|String|The on-premises domain name of Hybrid Azure AD joined devices. This property is set by Intune.|

> |enrollmentProfileName|String|Enrollment profile applied to the device, e.g. Apple Device Enrollment Profile, Device enrollment - Corporate device identifiers, or Windows Autopilot profile name. This property is set by Intune.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|enrollmentProfileName|String|Enrollment profile applied to the device. For example, Apple Device Enrollment Profile, Device enrollment - Corporate device identifiers, or Windows Autopilot profile name. This property is set by Intune.|
```

Author: Thank you @davidmu1 ! I'll fix it.

> |enrollmentType|String|Enrollment type of the device. This property is set by Intune. Possible values are: unknown, userEnrollment, deviceEnrollmentManager, appleBulkWithUser, appleBulkWithoutUser, windowsAzureADJoin, windowsBulkUserless, windowsAutoEnrollment, windowsBulkAzureDomainJoin, windowsCoManagement.|

Reviewer: Please document the enumeration and change the type.

|id|String|The unique identifier for the device. Inherited from [directoryObject](directoryobject.md). Key, Not nullable. Read-only.|
|isCompliant|Boolean|**true** if the device complies with Mobile Device Management (MDM) policies; otherwise, **false**. Read-only. This can only be updated by Intune for any device OS type or by an [approved MDM app](/windows/client-management/mdm/azure-active-directory-integration-with-mdm) for Windows OS devices.|
|isManaged|Boolean|**true** if the device is managed by a Mobile Device Management (MDM) app; otherwise, **false**. This can only be updated by Intune for any device OS type or by an [approved MDM app](/windows/client-management/mdm/azure-active-directory-integration-with-mdm) for Windows OS devices. |

> |isRooted|Boolean|**true** if device is rooted; **false** if device is jail-broken. This can only be updated by Intune.|

Reviewer: Might be better to add a description of the boolean property, not just the values. What does it mean for a device to be rooted or jail-broken?

Author: Thanks, @davidmu1 . I spoke offline with @hafowler about this. I think the concept of rooted and jail-broken is very well-known. We could use Intune's MS Graph documentation, which does not add anything, but we'd be consistent with them. Their documentation says "whether the device is jail broken or rooted." Would this acceptable? If not, I can try to summarize rooted and jail-broken in a few words.

> |managementType|String|Management channel of the device.  This property is set by Intune. Possible values are: eas, mdm, easMdm, intuneClient, easIntuneClient, configurationManagerClient, configurationManagerClientMdm, configurationManagerClientMdmEas, unknown, jamf, googleCloudDevicePolicyController.|

Reviewer: Please document the enumeration and change the type.

Author: Hi @davidmu1 . I started an email thread about this, back in December, in case you want more details, but the gist is that we want to keep this property as generic as possible, because, although Intune is the current MDM using this property, it'll be used by other MDMs, and we don't want to impose pre-established values on them. This reasoning applies to the other properties that you had the same suggestion.

|operatingSystemVersion|String| Operating system version of the device. Required. |
|physicalIds|String collection| For internal use only. Not nullable. |

> |profileType|String|The profile type of the device. Possible values:<br />**RegisteredDevice** (default)<br />**SecureVM**<br />**Printer**<br />**Shared**<br />**IoT**|

Reviewer: Please also correct the documentation of this enumeration.
